conditional	on exertion
conditional	on exercise
conditional	with exertion
conditional	with exercise
conditional	exertional
conditional	intolerance
conditional	after
conditional	post
conditional	while
conditional	when
conditional	planned
conditional	in the event
conditional	if
conditional	awaiting
conditional	continued
conditional	proceed
conditional	plan
conditionalavoid	scheduled
hypothetical	avoiding
hypothetical	avoidance
hypothetical	if
hypothetical	unless
hypothetical	monitor for
hypothetical	monitors for
hypothetical	monitored for
hypothetical	monitoring for
hypothetical	prn
hypothetical	PRN
hypothetical	p.r.n.
hypothetical	P.R.N.
hypothetical	as needed for
hypothetical	as necessary for 
hypothetical	call for
hypothetical	call with
hypothetical	return for
hypothetical	return with
hypothetical	return
hypothetical	watch for
hypothetical	report new
hypothetical	potential
hypothetical	potentially
hypothetical	instructions for
hypothetical	prevent
hypothetical	preventing
hypothetical	prevention
hypothetical	risk
hypothetical	risk stratification for
hypothetical	future
hypothetical	immunization against
hypothetical	should
hypothetical	should he experience
hypothetical	should she experience
hypothetical	should the patient experience
hypothetical	prophylaxis
hypothetical	prophylactic
negation	not
negation	n't
negation	&apos;t
negation	didn't
negation	doesn't
negation	don't
negation	isn't
negation	aren't
negation	wasn't
negation	weren't
negation	hadn't
negation	hasn't
negation	haven't
negation	won't
negation	wouldn't
negation	never
negation	no longer
negation	in no way
negation	neither
negation	nor
negation	none
negation	nobody
negation	no one
negation	nowhere
negation	no place
negation	no
negation	without
negation	absence of
negation	free of
negation	clear of
negation	clear to
negation	negative for
negation	neg for
negation	negative for
negation	unremarkable for
negation	unassociated with
negation	( - )
negation	non
negation	lack of
negation	lack
negation	lacked
negation	lacks
negation	lacking
negation	impossible
negation	cannot
negation	can't
negation	couldn't
negation	inability
negation	unable
negation	forget
negation	forgets
negation	forgetting
negation	forgot
negation	forgotten
negation	fail
negation	failed
negation	failing
negation	fails
negation	failure
negation	free of
negation	free
negation	absent
negation	immune to
negation	denied
negation	denies
negation	deny
negation	denying
negation	avoided
negation	avoids
negation	prevented
negation	prevents
negation	prophylaxis against
negation	shouldn't
negation	mustn't
negation	unwilling
negation	unwillingness
negation	reluctance
negation	reluctant
negation	decline
negation	declined
negation	declines
negation	declining
negation	refusal
negation	refuse
negation	refused
negation	refuses
negation	refusing
negation	excluded
negation	excludes
negation	ruled out
negation	rules out
negation	discontinuance
negation	discontinuation
negation	discontinue
negation	discontinued
negation	discontinues
negation	discontinuing
negation	quit
negation	quits
negation	quitting
negation	stop
negation	stopped
negation	stopping
negation	stops
negation	used to
negation	held
negation	hold
negation	holding
negation	holds
negation	on hold
negation	off
negation	elimination
negation	eliminate
negation	eliminated
negation	eliminates
negation	eliminating
negation	eradication
negation	eradicate
negation	eradicated
negation	eradicates
negation	eradicating
negation	removal
negation	remove
negation	removed
negation	removes
negation	removing
negation	purge
negation	purged
negation	purges
negation	purging
negation	wipe out
negation	wiped out
negation	wipes out
negation	wiping out
negation	rid
negation	interrupt
negation	interruption
negation	interruptions
negation	resolved
negation	resolution
negation	disappeared
negation	disappearance
negation	rather than
negation	instead of
negation	except
negation	exception
negation	besides
negation	aside from
negation	other than
not_patient	mother
not_patient	father
not_patient	parent
not_patient	parents
not_patient	sister
not_patient	sisters
not_patient	brother
not_patient	brothers
not_patient	sibling
not_patient	siblings
not_patient	grandfather
not_patient	grandfathers
not_patient	grandmother
not_patient	grandmothers
not_patient	cousin
not_patient	cousins
not_patient	aunt
not_patient	aunts
not_patient	uncle
not_patient	uncles
not_patient	stepfather
not_patient	stepmother
not_patient	cousin
not_patient	cousins
not_patient	niece
not_patient	nieces
not_patient	nephew
not_patient	nephews
not_patient	wife
not_patient	husband
not_patient	spouse
not_patient	partner
not_patient	partners
not_patient	roommate
not_patient	roommates
not_patient	classmate
not_patient	classmates
not_patient	friend
not_patient	friends
not_patient	acquaintance
not_patient	acquaintances
not_patient	individual
not_patient	individuals
not_patient	person
not_patient	persons
not_patient	relative
not_patient	relatives
not_patient	family
not_patient	family member
not_patient	family members
not_patient	familiy history of 
not_patient	fhx of
not_patient	fam hx of
not_patient	family hx
not_patient	twin
not_patient	familial
speculation	uncertain
speculation	unsure
speculation	improbable
speculation	unlikely
speculation	doubtful
speculation	doubt
speculation	doubted
speculation	doubting
speculation	doubts
speculation	possible
speculation	poss
speculation	hypothetical
speculation	questionable
speculation	consistent with
speculation	compatible with
speculation	equivocal for
speculation	suspicious for
speculation	potential
speculation	concerned for
speculation	concerning for
speculation	worrisome for
speculation	unclear
speculation	unknown
speculation	possibly
speculation	potentially
speculation	maybe
speculation	perhaps
speculation	possibilities
speculation	possibility
speculation	evidence for
speculation	evidence of
speculation	speculation
speculation	consideration
speculation	?
speculation	ddx
speculation	differential diagnosis
speculation	differential diagnoses
speculation	believe
speculation	believed
speculation	believes
speculation	believing
speculation	consider
speculation	considered
speculation	considering
speculation	considers
speculation	t/c
speculation	entertain
speculation	entertained
speculation	entertaining
speculation	entertains
speculation	question
speculation	questioned
speculation	questioning
speculation	questions
speculation	speculate
speculation	speculated
speculation	speculates
speculation	speculating
speculation	can
speculation	could
speculation	may
speculation	might
speculation	whether or not
speculation	whether
speculation	either
speculation	or
speculation	if
speculation	unless
	probable	prob_adj
speculation	likely
speculation	presumed
speculation	presumptive
speculation	apparent
speculation	preliminary
speculation	putative
speculation	indicative of
speculation	suggestive of
speculation	typical of
speculation	probably
speculation	likely
speculation	presumably
speculation	apparently
speculation	reportedly
speculation	seemingly
speculation	supposedly
speculation	must
speculation	appear
speculation	appeared
speculation	appearing
speculation	appears
speculation	seem
speculation	seemed
speculation	seems
speculation	seeming
speculation	estimate
speculation	estimated
speculation	estimates
speculation	estimating
speculation	feel that
speculation	feeling that
speculation	feels that
speculation	felt that
speculation	hypothesize
speculation	hypothesized
speculation	hypothesizes
speculation	hypothesizing
speculation	implied
speculation	implies
speculation	imply
speculation	implying
speculation	indicate
speculation	indicated
speculation	indicates
speculation	indicating
speculation	postulate
speculation	postulated
speculation	postulating
speculation	postulates
speculation	propose
speculation	proposed
speculation	proposes
speculation	proposing
speculation	suggest
speculation	suggested
speculation	suggesting
speculation	suggests
speculation	support
speculation	supported
speculation	supporting
speculation	supports
speculation	suppose
speculation	supposed
speculation	supposes
speculation	supposing
speculation	suspect
speculation	suspected
speculation	suspecting
speculation	suspects
speculation	think
speculation	thinks
speculation	thinking
speculation	thought
speculation	concern for
speculation	concerns for
speculation	implication
speculation	implications
speculation	impression of
speculation	indication of
speculation	indications of
speculation	suspicion
speculation	suspicions
speculation	suggestion
speculation	suggestions
speculation	hypothesis
speculation	hypotheses
speculation	probability
speculation	probabilities
speculation	sign of
speculation	signs of
speculation	v.s.
speculation	versus
speculation	vs.
speculation	vs
speculation	r / o
speculation	ro
speculation	r/o
speculation	rule out
speculation	ruling out
speculation	rule - out
speculation	ruling - out
speculation	test for
speculation	tested for
speculation	testing for
speculation	tests for
speculation	check for
speculation	checked for
speculation	checking for
speculation	checks for
speculation	evaluate for
speculation	eval for
speculation	evaluated for
speculation	evaluates for
speculation	evaluating for
speculation	evaluation for
speculation	assess for
speculation	assessment for
speculation	monitor for
speculation	monitored for
speculation	monitoring for
speculation	monitors for
speculation	seriologies for
speculation	seriology for
speculation	work up for
speculation	workup for
